README.md, before:

![AstroPortfolio](./src/assets/Projects/2023/portfolio.avif)

 Interactive online portfolio showcasing comprehensive information about myself, encompassing a diverse array of my work, the various projects I have successfully created, and a detailed overview of my extensive skills and rich professional experiences.

## 🚀 Deploy your own

[![Deploy with Vercel](_deploy_vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/KurutoDenzeru/astro-portfolio)  [![Deploy with Netlify](_deploy_netlify.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/KurutoDenzeru/astro-portfolio)

## 📋 Features

- ✅ 100/100 Lighthouse performance
- ✅ Responsive
- ✅ Accessible
- ✅ SEO-friendly
- ✅ Typesafe
- ✅ Minimal style
- ✅ Light/Dark Theme
- ✅ Animated UI
- ✅ Tailwind styling
- ✅ Auto generated sitemap
- ✅ Auto generated RSS Feed
- ✅ Markdown support
- ✅ MDX Support (components in your markdown)
- ✅ Searchable content (posts and projects)

## 🕊️ Lightweight

All pages under 100kb (including fonts)

## ⚡︎ Fast

Rendered in ~40ms on localhost

## 💻 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

Replace npm with your package manager of choice. `npm`, `pnpm`, `yarn`, `bun`, etc

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run dev:network`     | Starts dev server on local network               |
| `npm run sync`            | Generates TypeScript types for all Astro modules.|
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run preview:network` | Starts preview server on local network           |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
| `npm run lint`            | Run ESLint                                       |
| `npm run lint:fix`        | Auto-fix ESLint issues                           |

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See `Contributing.md` for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's `Code of Conduct`.

Commit message:

docs: added roadmap for readme + contributing documentation

README.md, after:

![AstroPortfolio](./src/assets/Projects/2023/portfolio.avif)

 Interactive online portfolio showcasing comprehensive information about myself, encompassing a diverse array of my work, the various projects I have successfully created, and a detailed overview of my extensive skills and rich professional experiences.

## 🚀 Deploy your own

[![Deploy with Vercel](_deploy_vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/KurutoDenzeru/astro-portfolio)  [![Deploy with Netlify](_deploy_netlify.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/KurutoDenzeru/astro-portfolio)

## 📋 Features

- ✅ 100/100 Lighthouse performance
- ✅ Responsive
- ✅ Accessible
- ✅ SEO-friendly
- ✅ Typesafe
- ✅ Minimal style
- ✅ Light/Dark Theme
- ✅ Animated UI
- ✅ Tailwind styling
- ✅ Auto generated sitemap
- ✅ Auto generated RSS Feed
- ✅ Markdown support
- ✅ MDX Support (components in your markdown)
- ✅ Searchable content (posts and projects)

## 🕊️ Lightweight

All pages under 100kb (including fonts)

## ⚡︎ Fast

Rendered in ~40ms on localhost

## 💻 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

Replace npm with your package manager of choice. `npm`, `pnpm`, `yarn`, `bun`, etc

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`             | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `npm run dev:network`     | Starts dev server on local network               |
| `npm run sync`            | Generates TypeScript types for all Astro modules.|
| `npm run build`           | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run preview`         | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `npm run preview:network` | Starts preview server on local network           |
| `npm run astro ...`       | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `npm run astro -- --help` | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |
| `npm run lint`            | Run ESLint                                       |
| `npm run lint:fix`        | Auto-fix ESLint issues                           |

## 🗺️ Roadmap

A few features I plan to implement

- ⬜ Honors and Awards page
- ⬜ Pagination of Projects page
- ⬜ Article Pages - Share on social media

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See `Contributing.md` for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's `Code of Conduct`.
