src/content/legal/privacy.md, before:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: "10/14/2024"
---

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which [Your Company Name] collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the [Your Website URL] website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by [Your Company Name].

#### Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from users in various ways, including when users visit our site, fill out a form, or engage with site features. This information is collected only if voluntarily provided by the user.

#### Non-personal identification information

We may gather non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with the site. This may include browser type, device type, and technical information like the means of connection to the site.

#### Web browser cookies

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### How we use collected information

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### How we protect your information

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### Sharing your personal information

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### Changes to this privacy policy

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

Commit message:

docs: added web browser cookies

src/content/legal/privacy.md, after:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: "10/14/2024"
---

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which [Your Company Name] collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the [Your Website URL] website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by [Your Company Name].

#### Personal identification information

We may collect personal identification information from users in various ways, including when users visit our site, fill out a form, or engage with site features. This information is collected only if voluntarily provided by the user.

#### Non-personal identification information

We may gather non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with the site. This may include browser type, device type, and technical information like the means of connection to the site.

#### Web browser cookies

Our site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. Users can set their browser to refuse cookies or alert them when cookies are being sent. Note that some site features may not function properly without cookies.

#### How we use collected information

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### How we protect your information

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### Sharing your personal information

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

#### Changes to this privacy policy

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.
