src/content/legal/terms.md, before:

---
title: "Terms of Use"
date: "10/11/2024"
---

Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the [Your Website URL] website (the "Service") operated by [Your Company Name] ("us", "we", or "our").

#### Agreement to Terms

By accessing or using this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. Your use of the site indicates your acceptance of these terms in full.

#### Intellectual Property Rights

All content on this website, including text, images, and code, is the intellectual property of the owner unless otherwise noted. Unauthorized use or reproduction is prohibited.

#### User Representations

You represent that you are at least 18 years old and have the legal capacity to agree to these terms. You agree not to use the site for any unlawful or prohibited activities.

#### Links to Other Websites

This site may contain links to third-party websites. I am not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites.

#### Termination

I reserve the right to terminate or suspend access to the website for any reason, without notice.

#### Governing Law

These terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Philippines, without regard to conflict of law principles.

#### Changes to These Terms of Use

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras sit amet massa ut neque consequat congue. Sed id ipsum vitae sem imperdiet suscipit. Nulla facilisi. Morbi quis nibh at nunc pulvinar rhoncus. Proin porttitor dapibus dolor, id fermentum urna eleifend et. In feugiat pretium erat nec vestibulum.

Commit message:

docs: added changes to these terms of use

src/content/legal/terms.md, after:

---
title: "Terms of Use"
date: "10/11/2024"
---

Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the [Your Website URL] website (the "Service") operated by [Your Company Name] ("us", "we", or "our").

#### Agreement to Terms

By accessing or using this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. Your use of the site indicates your acceptance of these terms in full.

#### Intellectual Property Rights

All content on this website, including text, images, and code, is the intellectual property of the owner unless otherwise noted. Unauthorized use or reproduction is prohibited.

#### User Representations

You represent that you are at least 18 years old and have the legal capacity to agree to these terms. You agree not to use the site for any unlawful or prohibited activities.

#### Links to Other Websites

This site may contain links to third-party websites. I am not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked sites.

#### Termination

I reserve the right to terminate or suspend access to the website for any reason, without notice.

#### Governing Law

These terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Philippines, without regard to conflict of law principles.

#### Changes to These Terms of Use

I may modify these Terms of Use at any time. Continued use of the site after changes indicates your acceptance of the updated terms.
